So, guys, welcome back.
Next, we will going to understand the stark corruption so that corruption is a situation where we cut
corrupt the data of a stack frame by copying the data more than the memory limits.
So let us understand this with the help of an example.
So let us suppose that you have a very simple program.
And in this program you have a main function which in turn invokes the function for.
And you can see that the argument that we are passing to the function is the argument which you pass
as a command line argument and you can see in this function, we are simply creating an eddy of size
12 bytes and we are copying that string, which is as an argument to this eddy.
So that's all.
So now let us see that how this small piece of code can demonstrate the situation of state corruption.
So now if I ask you to draw the call stack of these two functions, that is mean and full, then you
should draw this diagram.
So you have a stack frame of the main function.
Following that, there is a stack frame of the function full.
And you can see that here is the argument that is pushed into the stack frame or the function fule,
followed by a return address of the color and the best pointer value of the color function.
Now, again, you don't need to understand what is best point, though.
We will shortly going to discuss this in detail.
And after that you have the local ADDAE, which occupies 12 bytes in the stack frame.
So notice the layout of an ad in the stack frame.
The index zero element of the array will have the lowest address and the last element of the array will
have the highest address in the stack memory, so says the size of the area is 12 bytes.
So here that will occupy 12 sites of memory in the stack frame.
Now, suppose you invoke this function and you pass the command line argument, the following string.
Now you can notice that this string has 20 characters.
It means that the size of this string is 20 bytes.
Right.
So basically what you are doing that you are copying 20 bytes of a string in a 12 bit of buffer and
you are not even checking whether the buffer in which you are copying that string is sufficient enough
to hold a string or not.
So this is the snapshot of the stack manually when you have not yet copied the string to this buffer.
Right.
So this is before copy, but the moment this instruction has executed and the string that you parsed
as an argument has been copied into this buffer, then the strike frame would look something like this.
So you can see that the string gets copied in the stack, mammary as follows.
So you can see that the legal memory into which you were allowed to copy the string was only 12 bytes.
Right, because it was the size of the local added.
But since you have copied 20 bytes of data, therefore you have copied eight bytes extra.
So basically by copying eight bytes of data extra, you have corrupted the return address and the base
pointer value, which was stored in this stack frame.
So these values will get corrupted, corrupted means it is overwritten by the user data.
Now, remember that return address and the best point of value is the information which is required
by the function to resume its execution when the call returns.
But now, since the Connely itself has corrupted the return address and base point or value of the corner,
therefore when the quality function returns will not nor the return address and its base point of value
because they are overwritten by some junk or garbage.
So it is for this reason that when the quality function returns, this program will crash.
And now we know the reason that.
Why did this program crash?
This program crashed because we have corrupted the return address and the best point of value which
was stored in the stack fame by copying larger string into a smaller buffer which could not accommodate
that string size.
So this is one example which illustrates that how the stack can be corrupted and when Stack gets corrupted
than any undefined behavior can happen.